oh hey guys what's going on nine Bentley
and I am really really sorry that I
haven't got a video up for you guys
lately it's just been you know really
really busy this whole moon thing we got
more stuff coming up next week and it's
just it's hard trying to find time in
between things to know workout stuff for
family do stuff for in GT which is work
and then trying to find some time for
you guys to make some videos and get
everything together what I'm really
working on is trying to get up my um my
background and my my intro done I want
to get a treat we got all that stuff
redone and start making some more up I'm
thinking about starting to livestream a
little bit more so there's quite a bit
i'm trying to work on and it's just
going to be kind of slow here first and
y'all are just gonna have to kind of
work with me but um i think i'm going to
take this this channel this is kind of
funny I always say this but yeah I think
I want to push it towards like zombies
and stuff like them won't try and keep
it away from minecraft i might do like
zombies and a few other FPS games like
Call of Duty and stuff and maybe a few
really other clothes FPS games but we'll
see but I really don't want to do any
minecraft on this channel I'm probably
doing minecraft on the ngt minecraft
channel which reminds me I need to go do
some videos crap all right anyway uh
yeah just go revenge et minecraft and
i'll be over there he'll guess we'll see
me i'll put some videos up here shortly
cuz now we're done with moon so I got to
go do some videos for that so um good
god guys I'm tired I just I just woke up
this morning pretty late you know with
the whole moon thing its kind of tiring
and
yeah this has been really tiring so I do
want to thank all my new subscribers
that are here on my channel that finally
maybe for just found me and probably
been trying to find my channel forever
yes it's the only event Lee that's what
it is appreciate you guys subscribing
hopefully you guys will and we're
watching my videos um if y'all haven't
known by now we announce some stuff last
week and I'm hoping this next week I'm
gonna try and keep it a surprise but i'm
going to post up some special footage
for you guys if I can manage to get any
for my 75 100 and 5000 subscribers
because I kind of Miss the 5,000 a
subscriber mark so hopefully this will
make up for that but I'm not gonna say
what it is and it's not going to be
nothing copyrighted but maybe in a week
or a week and a half I should have some
that footage up on my channel so i hope
you guys will appreciate that you guys
just gotta understand it's just us
videos we do to show appreciation for
you guys it's not really like hey this
is really kind of fancy editing or you
know it's not really what it's all about
it it's to provide you guys with
something entertaining something what
you think is going to be really
entertaining to entertain all of your
new subscribers so and here I'm raging I
was raging really bad I was like dude
yeah anyways guys this is it I hope you
guys enjoyed it um I'll try to put a
couple more out for next week and um yep
that's it for me I'll see you guys next
time later
you